# A fake REST server for dashboard

> sunnywang@yunify.com

## Intro

**Why create this repo ?**

* This repo is based on `OpenPitrix api spec` (built with Swagger), while that api spec is just a design, no mock data.
  Since you can still use `curl` to request each swagger api endpoint to populate fake data, but it's verbose,
  you need hard-code fake data, not programmatically, lack of fun.
  Meanwhile data structure in swagger spec is not fully usable for our web app, sometimes missing fields, or unreasonable api design.

**The advantage of this repo**

* Based on `express` server and `lowdb` light-weight json database. We can separate api server
  from `openpitrix dashboard`, populate all fake, near-production data programmatically using javascript.

* Reduce the communication time between font-end devs and back-end devs if the swagger spec is not stable, lack certain fields,
  or some structures, params are not reasonable.

* Fake data is fully controlled by front-end devs, generated by `Faker.js`.

* Running in docker, can be distributed.

* Suitable for rapid web app development.

* Front-end only generate fake json data, this repo will setup all `CRUD` methods automatically for each api endpoint.

## Install

**Running in docker**

```js
npm run build && npm start
```

**Running in local**

```shell
npm install && ./run.sh
```

Then open your browser, visit: `http://localhost:3000`

Or use `curl`:

```
curl localhost:3000/v1/apps
```

Recommend `Postman` to test api endpoint

## APIs

> The endpoint's `version prefix` can be omitted, because we use a rewrite file.
> So `/v1/apps` is the same as `/apps`

### /apps

```
// retrieve all apps
// when filter result, you can append query string: /apps?category=business
GET /apps

// create an app
// when used in code, just put body params in a JS object
// eg: `request.post('/v1/apps', {name: 'k8s', category: 'software'})`
POST /apps

// remove an app
// body params is required.
// code like this: `request.delete('/v1/apps', {app_id: 'app-xxx'})`
DELETE /apps

// update an app
// body params is required.
// example code: `request.patch('/v1/apps', {app_id: 'app-xxx', name: 'docker'})`
PATCH /apps
```

See all APIs, [api.md](./api.md)

### License

MIT
